Guided project quiz: Configure Microsoft Sentinel to ingest data and detect threats Quiz Answers
Question 1)
Your organization has tasked you with creating customized views of data ingested in Sentinel. Which of the following solutions will be the best choice to deliver these results?

Enable a Workbook in Microsoft Sentinel
To create a Microsoft Sentinel workspace
To configure data connectors
To explore MITRE ATT&CK
Question 2)
You need to install 3rd party data connectors in the Microsoft Sentinel workspace, what is the first task you should perform?

Install the 3rd party content hub solution
Configure the 3rd party data connector
Create a log analytics workspace for the connectors
Enable a Workbook in Microsoft Sentinel
Question 3)
In Microsoft Sentinel, you need to monitor for suspicious activity and generate alerts and incidents when identified. What should you create in Microsoft Sentinel?

Analytic rule
Logic app
Automation rule
Content hub solution
Question 4)
You have the requirement to disable a user account if the user is associated with a high severity alert. What should you create to perform this action?

Automation rules
Playbooks
Analytic rules
Data connectors
Question 5)
Your team needs to configure a component in Microsoft Sentinel that detects suspicious activity. What solution would you choose to accomplish this task?

Workbook
To enable and configure an automation rule
Playbook
To enable and configure analytic rules
Question 6)
You have been asked by your manager where they can observe the techniques for the coverage of configured analytic rules in Microsoft Sentinel. Your response would be which of the following?

By checking the Microsoft Sentinel Content Hub
On the MITRE ATT&CK page
In data connectors
In the configured automation rule itself
Question 7)
When incidents are created in Sentinel, you need to create an incident in an external ticket management system. What should you create in Microsoft Sentinel?

KQL query
Content hub solution
Entity Behavior
Playbook
Question 8)
Which of the following are not considered “components” as referenced in the course?

Logic App
Analytic rules
Automation rules
Resource groups
Question 9)
Which of the following is an option when configuring a data connector?

Installing agents on external resources
Activating rule templates
Creating automation rules
Creating a Workbook
Question 10)
What is the purpose of configuring data connectors in Microsoft Sentinel?

To create a log analytics workspace
To explore MITRE ATT&CK
To enable and configure analytic rules
To ingest data into Microsoft Sentinel
Question 11)
In Microsoft Sentinel, you need to provide interactive reports that display graphical information about ingested log data. What should you configure?

Workbooks
Configuring data connectors
Installing rule templates
Activating analytic rules
Question 12)
The security team used MITRE ATT&CK in Microsoft Sentinel for their assessment. Which of the following would they use it for?

To create workbooks from templates
Automation rules
Review tactics and techniques coverage
To configure data connectors
Question 13)
Why is it vital that a company set up analytic rules in Microsoft Sentinel?

To protect solutions installed from the Content Hub
To ingest logs into the workspace
To generate alerts and incidents of suspicious activity
To display graphical information about the data
Question 14)
John just finished a guided course on Microsoft Sentinel. What is the least administrative effort that he should take to remove the Azure resources created in the guided project to avoid unnecessary charges on his credit card?

Delete individual resources one by one
Delete the Azure subscription
Delete the Resource Group containing the resources
Disable the services associated with the resources
 
